Add a single-shot export API. (#160)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

  return ctx.Open(aad, ct)
~~~

## Secret Export

> Applications may also want to derive a secret known only to a given recipient's
> public key. This section provides templates for HPKE APIs that implement stateless

Author: ```suggestion
Applications may also want to derive a secret known only to a given recipient. 
This section provides templates for HPKE APIs that implement stateless
```
